But the one who is truly destined
You can completely feel the other party's soul
That's not possible.
The person I am destined to be is obviously Chu Chu
Don't worry.
Time will always give the best answer to anything
Well, your bodies are fine.
Then you can do whatever you want.
I'm going to work first.
Leave it alone.
Let's find a way to change it back.
How to change it?
You ready? You ready?
Come 321
Ya Ya Ya
Yeah.
Haha, my butt.
I guess you fell it.
Is it?
Try it on.
Take it easy
Don't worry, it's alright.
Be gentle, don't smash me to death, don't talk nonsense
Oops oops
Hahaha
Did it work? No
Oh, your posture is wrong.
What's wrong? Do it again.
Come on, take it easy, don't kill me
Stop talking nonsense
Did I say that?
I was the one who smashed you
Why haven't you come back yet?
No, what happened to it?
How did this kill you?
There is no way now.
Tomorrow you go and get engaged to me
From now on, I will tell you everything about me
Then use your secretary status
Live in my own home
Why should I listen to you?
Just because you don't listen
I can mess around with your body